reorder CSS layout test your skills for consistency (#42953)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn_web_development/core/css_layout/test_your_skills/grid/index.md

> In this task, there are four direct children in this grid. The starting point has them displayed using auto-placement.

Reviewer: Or:
```suggestion
In this task, the grid contains four direct children. They are currently auto-placed in the grid.
```

> To complete the task, use the `grid-area` and `grid-template-areas` properties to lay the items out as shown in the finished task rendering below:

Reviewer: this sentence here can be confusing before we've shown the start point rendering. I suggest we move this to L201

```suggestion

```

}
```

The starting point of the task looks like this:

{{EmbedLiveSample("grid4-start", "", "400px")}}

> The finished task should look like this:

Author: Tweaked it, to

> The layout should look like this after you complete the task:
